=== SEGMENT 01 TRANSLATION ===

But the wisdom is also to have some kind of fortress handled, if you say as if, ten people are needed, ten people to bring customers, so however it will be, it will work in a certain manner from the remembrance that arises from the issues. No, no, you're right, everything must be recorded. I make this mistake because it's still an action. I need everything to be automated as if it is simple. But we need to record it. So you'll see. So wait, it started from the beginning. So in practice, as if, a person will receive the URL you sent me, with something like MyJarvis, and then he will get it with an API for temporary cloud code. How can he not speak to it? First of all, this too, as it were, has already changed. I will now, as if, show you this. But this is, in general, the website. Okay? I need a moment to change the network, because I have a small problem, one moment. Do you hear me? The house network? Do you hear me? Yes. One moment. No, I have some strange problem, that I have not yet understood, and I do not have the energy to deal with, but because of the deployment I am doing from my barrel, you see some kind of a website, to which I did deployment yesterday, for instance, that of garlic, it sits in a barrel. In my internal network at home, I cannot access it. I have to exit to the phone network. The website will not go in order to access it. It's something internal for me, just some kind of stupidity. I don't even know what it is. But in general, this is the website. My Jarvis. I took some kind of strong CN-chat template, I can do some kind of beautiful thing. Jarvis, your AI personal assistant, blah blah blah, we need to insert this image. Here there will be more sorts of nonsense, we need to correct this a bit. But in general, you have something like Joint Waiting List. And then you enter here, put email, fall asleep from this, tell us about yourself, submit. It comes to this. And then you can do sign in, and then you got an email with your username and password. With email and password. This is, for instance, the email and password that I created for myself yesterday. And then I'm doing something like launch my Jarvis. Then he actually gets to my instance. You understand that here he already has code. You see? That it as if appeared. Now. Yes. But now in principle, when someone new enters at this point, he enters it, and who chats with him? Cloud Arabs? Cloud Code? No one? Is he not connected? What? Who chats with him? So the real answer is, currently, I don't have an answer, okay? Currently, my practical part is to work as I worked yesterday with Lichtman, and as I am working with you now. The concept is that I actually come to him.